Update of the tutorial (#963)
KiFoundation/ki-networks: Testnet/kichain-t-4/README.md

Initiate the needed configuration files using the `unsafe-reset-all` command:
```bash

> kid unsafe-reset-all --home ./kid

Reviewer: It’s some kind of convention in the community to actually keep the `--home` parameter for the unsafe-reset-all command, because this command is _destructive_, and explicit is always better. 
Some chains (like juno) even make the flag mandatory for this command.

I suggest to keep the flag even if it is the default value.

```

The hash of the genesis file can be computed as follows:
```bash
jq -S -c -M '' ~/.kid/config/genesis.json | shasum -a 256

83e8d8b9b883f1d478fb8d9f0e32c138904d0cbc30e939fa0490f988fd0b78d7
```

In the file `config.toml` that can be found in the `~/.kid/config/` directory, make sure to add the provided seed and the community peers found in [`seed.txt`](https://github.com/KiFoundation/ki-networks/blob/v0.1/Testnet/kichain-t-4//seeds.txt) and [`peers.txt`](https://github.com/KiFoundation/ki-networks/blob/v0.1/Testnet/kichain-t-4//peers.txt) by filling the `seeds` and `persistent_peers` fields resp.

Make sure to set your `minimum-gas-prices` to `0.025utki` in `app.toml`.

Your node is now ready to be started. If you've started the node with a service you can simply start the service. Otherwise, use the following command:

```bash
kid start --home ~/.kid/ &> ~/.kilogs/ki-node.log &
```

This command will start the block synchronization process where your node retrieves the current state of the blockchain from the other nodes. The process output is redirected to the `ki-node.log` log file. It can be visualized as follows:

```bash
tail -f ~/.kilogs/ki-node.log
```

> In case of error, you might need to sync the data. To do so, either ask for a fellow validator's data+wasm folders, or build the v2, sync the blockchain with it (until the upgrade block), then shutdown the v2 and start the v3 in place.

Reviewer: You might want to put this before the `kid start` command, so people do not try to start before being aware of data retrieval concerns.

```suggestion
To get started, you might need to sync the data. To do so, you can ask a fellow validator for a snapshot containing data+wasm folders. 
You can also sync from the chain start. For this you will need to build and run kid `2.0.0-testnet` version, up until the block `4351400`, and then switch to the `3.0.0-beta` version.
More information on the v3 upgrade [here](https://github.com/KiFoundation/ki-networks/blob/v0.1/Testnet/kichain-t-4/UPGRADE_V3.md)
```

Author: Is it better, now ?

  --commission-rate=0.1 \
  --min-self-delegation=1 \
  --amount=1000000utki \
  --pubkey `kid tendermint show-validator --home ~/.kid/` \
  --moniker=<YOUR_MONIKER> \
  --chain-id=kichain-t-4 \
  --gas-prices="0.025utki" \
  --from=<WALLET_NAME> \

>   --home ~/.kid/  

Reviewer: You can remove the --home parameter here.

  --chain-id=kichain-t-4 \
  --from=<WALLET_NAME> \
  --gas-prices=0.025utki \

>   --home ~/.kid/

Reviewer: You can remove the `--home` parameter here.
